look okay it's not my fault I bet
nothing's ever your fault is it darling
you have thrown away your life working
in some silly Christmas shop this is my
little helper I have nicknamed her lazy
that out because she appears never to
walk so there's really Christmas
what Jesus what's your comfort well what
you're looking at your Falcon oh I think
you're just pooed in your eye yeah I
think it's good luck you know what is
compute on my bed
I'm busy you're weird goodbye you've
missed by doctor's appointments
mum is scared so tell me about the sleep
exercise really at all alcohol oh she's
like the pirate okay fine thank you
doctor thank you so much for your time
let's go again what do you mean again
did you follow me here are elves always
so cynical
yes relentlessly these are dark times
I'm Tom Kate will you murder me so what
is it that you do I sing oh it's amazing
anyway boring boring I'm gonna board
where are you going when that way you're
not homeless no I volunteered why didn't
you just get st. I do to know forehead
you look great at your job when you
start it right now it's like you don't
care anymore
yeah hi hi Kyle I'm a mess I was really
sick and I nearly died I don't tell
people cuz they get weird but I don't
think you'll get no I'm just scared all
the time but they just expect me to be
normal like they always lie
there's no such thing as normal it's
just being a human being is hard maybe
you should do something nice for someone
deck the halls with boughs of holly
fa-la-la-la-la la-la-la-la tis the
season to be jolly oh boy
[Music]
[Applause]
- volunteering the shelter seriously
that sounds like a healthy choice what's
wrong with you I've been trying to find
you you keep disappearing and I'm gonna
do bump into you accidentally I might
add it wasn't accidental
why me it's always gonna be here okay
like you're gonna make mistakes and
that's okay you're made of everything
you do
[Music]